Throughout this course, you'll be learning from academic and industry experts.
We partnered with Nvidia to bring you information about
how to apply what you learn in the classroom to the real world.
As you'll soon learn,
video games provide an excellent environment for developing learning algorithms.
Maybe you've heard about the work at Google DeepMind where researchers trained
a piece of code to show superhuman performance at many Atari games,
and the same algorithms that we used to play games can be adapted for robotics.
For instance, maybe we want to teach a robotic arm to
touch objects or you want to train a Rover to drive.
The experts at Nvidia will talk to you about their current work in this area.
Later, you'll turn your attention to finance.
We'll consider how we might use algorithms to identify
patterns and find opportunities in the financial market.
The idea is that maybe these algorithms can tell us when it's good to buy or sell stocks,
or how to manage financial portfolios.
While no one has perfected these applications yet,
you'll get a glimpse into how the very best in the field are pursuing them.
It's important to emphasize that there's a lot of room for
new ideas and innovation from newcomers to the field,
and that's where you'll come in.